API-6434 Add limits section and limit_reached error (#765)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/limits/index.mdx

---
weight: 40
category: "management"
title: "Limits"

> tagline: "Resource limits in LiveChat Platform via dedicated APIs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tagline: "Resource limits in the LiveChat Platform via dedicated APIs"
```

> desc: "There are some limitations to amount of different resources that can be created, based on license plan."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
desc: "There are some limitations to the amount of different resources that can be created, based on license plan."
```

---

# Introduction

> LiveChat Platform limits the amount of resources that can be created based on billing plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the <a href="https://www.livechat.com/pricing/" target="_blank">billing plan</a>, the LiveChat Platform limits the number of resources that can be created.
```

> ## Limits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Resource limits
```

| Limited resource              | Starter | Team | Business | Enterprise |
|-------------------------------|---------|------|----------|------------|
| Tracked visitors              | 400     | 400  | 400      | 400        |
| Groups                        | 1       | 20   | 40       | 80         |
| Groups assigned to an agent   | 1       | 10   | 20       | 40         |
| Chat queue                    | 10      | 50   | 100      | 100        |
| Chat queue (continuous chats) | 150     | 150  | 150      | 150        |
| Agents                        | 400     | 400  | 400      | 400        |
| Groups in group chooser       | 1       | 25   | 25       | 25         |
| Chat archives history         | 2m      | 1y   | 2y       | unlimited  |
| Number of banned visitors     | 50      | 200  | 400      | 400        |

> There is new type of error `limit_reached` that will be returned by APIs when trying to create resources over the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a new type of error, `limit_reached`. Our APIs will return it when you try to create a resource over the limit.
```

Affected methods are:

> *Agent API*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Agent Chat API
```

> There is a new type of error, `limit_reached`. Our APIs will return it when you try to create a resource over the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a new type of error, `limit_reached`. Our APIs will return it when you try to create a resource over the limit. You may get this error when working with the following methods:
```

> Affected methods are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I'd do it this way. "Affected" sounds as if these methods were broken or something :D

- [List Archives](../../messaging/agent-chat-api/#list-archives)
- [Ban Customer](../../messaging/agent-chat-api/#ban-customer)

> *Configuration API*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration API
```

> _v3_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### v3
```

- [Create Group](../configuration-api/#create-group)
- [Update Group](../configuration-api/#update-group)
- [Create Agent](../configuration-api/#create-agent)
- [Update Agent](../configuration-api/#update-agent)

> _v2_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### v2
```

- [/agents](../configuration-api/v2.0/#agents)
- [/groups](../configuration-api/v2.0/#groups)

> ## Downgrading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Downgrading
```

> * Note: this method can change groups assigned to an agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This method can change what groups an agent is assigned to.
```

Reviewer: usually, you **assign sth (a task) to someone**, but in this context, you **assign users (agent) to the group**

> When downgrading to the lower plan, resources usage is validated against new plan limits and might result in an error. Returned error message will list all resources that must be decreased in order to perform downgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When downgrading a plan, resource usage is validated against the new plan's limits, which might result in an error. The returned error message will list all the resources you need to decrease in order to downgrade successfully.
```

desc: "There are some limitations to the amount of different resources that can be created, based on license plan."
---

# Introduction

Based on the <a href="https://www.livechat.com/pricing/" target="_blank">billing plan</a>, the LiveChat Platform limits the number of resources that can be created.

# Resource Limits

| Limited resource              | Starter | Team | Business | Enterprise |
|-------------------------------|---------|------|----------|------------|
| Agents                        | 400     | 400  | 400      | 400        |
| Chat archives history         | 2m      | 1y   | 2y       | unlimited  |
| Chat queue                    | 10      | 50   | 100      | 100        |
| Chat queue (continuous chats) | 150     | 150  | 150      | 150        |
| Groups                        | 1       | 20   | 40       | 80         |
| Groups assigned to an agent   | 1       | 10   | 20       | 40         |
| Groups in group chooser       | 1       | 25   | 25       | 25         |
| Number of banned visitors     | 50      | 200  | 400      | 400        |
| Tracked visitors              | 400     | 400  | 400      | 400        |

> Please contact our support to find out more about limits and possibilities to change them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out more about resource limits and the possibilities to change them, <a href="#open-chat" onClick={openChatWindow}>contact our support</a>.
```
